---
layout: post
title: "I'm back!"
author: "Kelly Zhang"
categories:
tags: [widtw]
---
Hey all, I'm back!! I've found, over the years, that whenever I try keeping a journal or blog I jump too enthusiastically into it for a number of days or weeks, and soon I get exhausted and abandon it. Usually I delete my old entries, but for this one I didn't, which must be a sign, right? Maybe this attempt is the one that sticks.

Every time I resurrect a project I try to do something differently, something that I hope will strike a balance between simple and beautiful so it's easy enough to keep updating yet aesthetic enough that I won't be ashamed of what I wrote ten years on. So these are the things I'm doing differently this time:

*   I'm cutting out the "aesthetic" part. The "beautiful" part. Part of the reason I get burnout so quickly writing these posts is because I'm always striving for perfection. I'm done with that shit. It's totally against what I'm trying to do here, which is expressing my thoughts and reliving my memories in as genuine a manner as possible. From this post onward I'm no longer going to be meticulously editing each post, chasing after the perfect word to describe every feeling, smoothing my work to create a uniform writing style and cutting out all my idiosyncrasies—it takes too much effort.
*   Not all my posts will be essay-length anymore. If I only feel like writing a paragraph on a subject, that's how much I'll write. I won't force myself to dissect and over-analyze every event that happens; just recording it is enough.

That's it for now. A lot has happened in the past months, and I'm not sure how much of it I can get down, or how long my new spurt of inspiration will last, but this time I'll try focusing more on my own beliefs and getting my thoughts down, even if they're unpolished.
